Add a couple of CPP rules to CONTRIBUTING.md (#4965)
canonical/multipass: CONTRIBUTING.md

**CPP12.** Declare generic constants in a dedicated header.<br>
**CPP13.** Avoid compilation warnings.<br>
**CPP14.** To mock free functions and external APIs, wrap them with `MockableSingleton`.<br>
**CPP15.** Avoid unconstrained `auto` return types in publicly visible methods and functions (except in

> tests, the anonymous namespace, unnamed lambdas, and templates with dependent return types).<br>

Reviewer: I'm not necessarily opposed to this, but I do personally find `auto` return useful in a few cases, mainly if the actual return type is some extremely-long template type, and the function body is a) inline and b) simple enough that the return type is obvious to a human reader, e.g.:

```c++
template<typename ...T>
auto do_something() {
  some_type<some_really_complex_template<T...>> result;
  result.do_something();
  return result;
}
```

However, that's a pretty rare case, and I'm not sure it's worth crafting the perfect guideline to accommodate this.

Author: Hey @jimporter, thanks for the review! 

I tend to think that a using declaration might still be preferable for something public, but in any case, wouldn't that fall in the "templates with dependent return types" exception? 

Maybe we can loosen the guideline a little without having to specify every possible exception. How about this?

```suggestion
**CPP15.** Avoid unconstrained `auto` return types in publicly visible methods and functions, unless 
there is a strong reason to have it (e.g. templates with complex dependent return types).<br>
```

In any case, note that META9 still applies:

> META9. Established guidelines are taken seriously, but with a grain of salt. They are guidelines after all, not absolute rules.

The "avoid" phrasing is meant to leave a margin for exceptions. It can all be argued during review.

Reviewer: Fair enough, that wasn't the best example. I'm ok with this as-is then.

Author: Thank you for the review!
